1. online battle game for many players → **multiplayer battle game**
2. it is difficult to relax afterwards → **it can be hard to switch afterwards**
3. I've been playing professionally for about three years now → **I've been a pro gamer for about three years now**
4. to become really skilled at a game → **master a game**
5. technology has always played an important role in my life → **technology has always been a huge part of my life**
6. I enjoy the creative story side of my work → **love the story-telling side of my job**
7. a group that many people don't understand → **they're a misunderstood bunch**
8. people who are not very social and prefer being alone → **people who lack social skills and like to be alone**
9. create characters and stories → **come up with characters and story lines**
10. gaming controls almost their whole life → **gaming has basically taken over their lives**
11. there is a strong feeling of community → **there's a strong community element**
12. many people who have problems with gaming addiction → **plenty of people with addiction issues**
13. require players to cooperate → **a lot of games involve working together**
14. improve their decision-making and learn how to deal with challenges → **get better at making decisions and learn how to respond to challenges**
15. create friendships → **build relationships**
Favorite originals (ranked):
	1. improve their decision-making and learn how to deal with challenges
	2. require players to cooperate
	3. there is a strong feeling of community
	✓ Sentence: Conditions in the hakatons require teammates to cooperate

### Story-telling:
Character: Kiano Reeves (John Wick)
Phrases: experience what's it like to be, made me laugh, break a habit

One day John Wich received an order. He was supposed to kill a gamer. The mission ended successful, but after that John saw the game which gamer played. He experienced what's it like to be a gamer. Being an actual wizard made him laugh. He played computer games all the days, and thats how he broke a habit of killing people.